Let me help you with your baggage. Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon. Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all. She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath. The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest. Don't step on the broken glass. The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure. There are no heroes in a punk rock band. Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary. Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived. The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future. It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked. He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish. He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore. The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke. It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list. It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy. Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie. Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either. Having no hair made him look even hairier. The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known. The lake is a long way from here. Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers. Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard. Not all people who wander are lost. He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle. She was too short to see over the fence. I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated. While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam. Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle. If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute. Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose. When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier. My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth. Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack. For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke. When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language. Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower. I checked to make sure that he was still alive. They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory. The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc. He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby. Please tell me you don't work in a morgue. He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish. She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night. He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side. As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by. There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it. thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee 